RHDEVDOCS-3133  Add deprecation notice for Jenkins Operators to OCP 4… (#34170)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

|GA
|DEP

|Jenkins Operator
|GA

> |GA

Reviewer: Jenkins Operator was never GA, only Tech Preview (TP)

Therefore, update scripts and jobs that inspect `buildConfig.spec.triggers[i].imageChange.lastTriggeredImageID` accordingly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-213[*BUILD-213*])

[id="ocp-4-8-builds-jenkins-operator"]
==== The Jenkins Operator is deprecated

> This release deprecates the Jenkins Operator. A future version of {product-title} will remove support for the Jenkins Operator and ignore it. Then, <describe of effects of removal>.

Reviewer: @siamaksade I think we need to clarify this a bit:
```suggestion
This release deprecates the Jenkins Operator. A future version of {product-title} will remove the Jenkins Operator from OperatorHub. Then, upgrades for the Jenkins Operator will no longer be available and the operator will not be supported.
```

Author: Updated.

> Therefore, <describe alternatives and actions that users perform to use them>.

Reviewer: @akram @gabemontero my suggestion:

```suggestion
Customers can continue to deploy Jenkins on {product-title} using the templates provided by the Samples Operator.
```

I don't think we should mention Helm at all until we have something concrete for customers to use.

Author: Updated.

Therefore, update scripts and jobs that inspect `buildConfig.spec.triggers[i].imageChange.lastTriggeredImageID` accordingly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-213[*BUILD-213*])

[id="ocp-4-8-builds-jenkins-operator"]
==== The Jenkins Operator (Technology Preview) is deprecated

> This release deprecates the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature. A future version of {product-title} will remove the Jenkins Operator from OperatorHub in the {product-title} web console interface. Then, upgrades for the Jenkins Operator will no longer be available, and the operator will not be supported.

Author: Thanks. Updated.
